README.md, before:

# eventor-api-openapi-spec

[![Travis build status](https://app.travis-ci.com/orienteering-oss/eventor-api-openapi-spec.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/github/orienteering-oss/eventor-api-openapi-spec)

OpenAPI spec / Swagger for the Eventor API: [openapi.yml](./openapi.yml).

You can browse the [Swagger UI](https://orienteering-oss.github.io/eventor-api-openapi-spec) for this spec, but it will not work because of CORS. You can use it to browse and create cURL commands that you can execute in your own terminal. Or you could import the OpenAPI spec into Postman and make your calls from there.

**What is Eventor?** Eventor is the event system for [orienteering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orienteering) races in different countries, so if you want to arrange an orienteering event, you will probably register it in your local Eventor system to make other people see it and for them to register to your event (and where you can upload results after the event is done).

## Usage of the Eventor API

To use the Eventor API, you need an API key.

The different Eventor websites are:

- [Norwegian Eventor](https://eventor.orientering.no/)
- [Swedish Eventor](https://eventor.orientering.se/)
- [Australian Eventor](https://eventor.orienteering.asn.au/)
- [International Eventor](https://eventor.orienteering.org/)

Add `/api/documentation` to either of the URLs to get the documentation for that particular Eventor website (the documentation is also included in the OpenAPI specification).

## See also

- All data returned from the API is specified in IOF XSD v3, see this and JSON version of the same spec in [orienteering-oss/iof-orienteering-data-schemas](https://github.com/orienteering-oss/iof-orienteering-data-schemas)
- Java helper library for converting XML from Eventor to JSON objects (and back): [orienteering-oss/iof-xml](https://github.com/orienteering-oss/iof-xml)
- WIP: JavaScript helper library for converting XML from Eventor to JSON objects: [mikaello/eventor-api-json-types](https://github.com/mikaello/eventor-api-json-types)
- GraphQL version of the Eventor API: [mikaello/eventor-graphql-api](https://github.com/mikaello/eventor-graphql-api)

Commit message:

docs: add warning about this being JSON version

README.md, after:

# eventor-api-openapi-spec

:warning: **NB:** this is an unofficial JSON version of the API. See
[orienteering-oss/eventor-api-openapi-spec](https://github.com/orienteering-oss/eventor-api-openapi-spec)
for an unofficial XML version (that is closer / equal to the official version of
the API).

[![Travis build status](https://app.travis-ci.com/orienteering-oss/eventor-api-openapi-spec-json.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/github/orienteering-oss/eventor-api-openapi-spec-json)

OpenAPI spec / Swagger for the Eventor API: [openapi.yml](./openapi.yml).

You can browse the
[Swagger UI](https://orienteering-oss.github.io/eventor-api-openapi-spec) for
this spec, but it will not work because of CORS. You can use it to browse and
create cURL commands that you can execute in your own terminal. Or you could
import the OpenAPI spec into Postman and make your calls from there.

**What is Eventor?** Eventor is the event system for
[orienteering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orienteering) races in different
countries, so if you want to arrange an orienteering event, you will probably
register it in your local Eventor system to make other people see it and for
them to register to your event (and where you can upload results after the event
is done).

## Usage of the Eventor API

To use the Eventor API, you need an API key.

The different Eventor websites are:

- [Norwegian Eventor](https://eventor.orientering.no/)
- [Swedish Eventor](https://eventor.orientering.se/)
- [Australian Eventor](https://eventor.orienteering.asn.au/)
- [International Eventor](https://eventor.orienteering.org/)

Add `/api/documentation` to either of the URLs to get the documentation for that
particular Eventor website (the documentation is also included in the OpenAPI
specification).

## See also

- All data returned from the API is specified in IOF XSD v3, see this and JSON
  version of the same spec in
  [orienteering-oss/iof-orienteering-data-schemas](https://github.com/orienteering-oss/iof-orienteering-data-schemas)
- Java helper library for converting XML from Eventor to JSON objects (and
  back): [orienteering-oss/iof-xml](https://github.com/orienteering-oss/iof-xml)
- WIP: JavaScript helper library for converting XML from Eventor to JSON
  objects:
  [mikaello/eventor-api-json-types](https://github.com/mikaello/eventor-api-json-types)
- GraphQL version of the Eventor API:
  [mikaello/eventor-graphql-api](https://github.com/mikaello/eventor-graphql-api)
